docs/event_gather_pipeline.md, before:

# Event Gather Pipeline

Council Data Project documentation generally shortens the steps that the
event gather pipeline takes into three short and easy to remember key points.

1. **Gather Events**<br>
   This function is created by each instance maintainer and
   generally scrapes or requests data from an API and
   returns a list of events to process and store.
   [Learn more about the event ingestion model](./cdp-backend/event_data_ingestion_model.html)
2. **Transcribe**<br>
   If the event was provided with a closed caption file we clean the file up
   into the CDP format, if not, CDP tools generate a transcription.
3. **Index**<br>
   An entirely different pipeline from the event gather pipeline but in
   the context of the short and sweet version, this makes sense to include.
   This is the pipeline that runs to generate and index using all the event
   transcripts.

These key points make sense from the thousand-foot-view, but is not
satifactory for the developers and others who are simply interested in
how the event gather pipeline works step-by-step.

This document gives visualizations of each and every step the event gather
pipeline takes, starting immediately after the maintainer provided function
returns the `List[EventIngestionModel]`.

### Minimal Event Processing

Similar to the [event ingestion model](./cdp-backend/event_data_ingestion_model.html)
documentation, if the event is provided back with only a URI to a
video and nothing else, the processing is incredibly simple.

![minimal cdp event gather flow viz](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_minimal.png)

### Filled Event Processing

The major difference from the minimal event processing workflow is that the
pipeline will process, prepare, and upload all of the attachments.

![filled cdp event gather flow viz](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_filled.png)

### Workflow Management and Parallel Processing

We utilize [Prefect Core](https://github.com/prefecthq/prefect) to generate and
run the workflow. In general, and by default in our cookiecutter-cdp-deployment,
we do not run any part of the workflow in parallel. But, this is simply because we
generally don't need to. As all event gather pipelines are automated to run every day,
or multiple times a day, it is rare for a pipeline to pick up more than one event
to process.

However, in the case where a maintainer is attempting to backfill large collections of
events (i.e. processing historical events), we recommend attaching a
[Dask Executor](https://docs.prefect.io/api/latest/executors.html#daskexecutor)
to the flow for parallel event processing.
[More details about Dask](https://dask.org/)

I.E.
If the result of the `get_events` function was a list of four
`EventIngestionModel` objects, the resulting flow would look like the following:
![parallel four wide equal minimal event flows](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_many.png)

And, if a `DaskExecutor` is also provided, all single event processing workflows
would process in parallel (provided enough compute resources).

Commit message:

admin/rename-fix-move-docs (#42)
* Rename and move some functions around to diff mods

* Update usage of new changes in doc gen

* Remove link to ingestion models in min event proc

docs/event_gather_pipeline.md, after:

# Event Gather Pipeline

Council Data Project documentation generally shortens the steps that the
event gather pipeline takes into three short and easy to remember key points.

1. **Gather Events**<br>
   This function is created by each instance maintainer and
   generally scrapes or requests data from an API and
   returns a list of events to process and store.
   [Learn more about our ingestion models](./ingestion_models.html).
2. **Transcribe**<br>
   If the event was provided with a closed caption file we clean the file up
   into the CDP format, if not, CDP tools generate a transcription.
   [Learn more about the produced transcript model](./transcript_model.html).
3. **Index**<br>
   An entirely different pipeline from the event gather pipeline but in
   the context of the short and sweet version, this makes sense to include.
   This is the pipeline that runs to generate and index using all the event
   transcripts.

These key points make sense from the thousand-foot-view, but is not
satifactory for the developers and others who are simply interested in
how the event gather pipeline works step-by-step.

This document gives visualizations of each and every step the event gather
pipeline takes, starting immediately after the maintainer provided function
returns the `List[EventIngestionModel]`.

### Minimal Event Processing

If any event is provided back with only a URI to a video and nothing else, the
processing is incredibly simple.

![minimal cdp event gather flow viz](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_minimal.png)

### Filled Event Processing

The major difference from the minimal event processing workflow is that the
pipeline will process, prepare, and upload all of the attachments.

![filled cdp event gather flow viz](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_filled.png)

### Workflow Management and Parallel Processing

We utilize [Prefect Core](https://github.com/prefecthq/prefect) to generate and
run the workflow. In general, and by default in our cookiecutter-cdp-deployment,
we do not run any part of the workflow in parallel. But, this is simply because we
generally don't need to. As all event gather pipelines are automated to run every day,
or multiple times a day, it is rare for a pipeline to pick up more than one event
to process.

However, in the case where a maintainer is attempting to backfill large collections of
events (i.e. processing historical events), we recommend attaching a
[Dask Executor](https://docs.prefect.io/api/latest/executors.html#daskexecutor)
to the flow for parallel event processing.
[More details about Dask](https://dask.org/).

I.E.
If the result of the `get_events` function was a list of four
`EventIngestionModel` objects, the resulting flow would look like the following:
![parallel four wide equal minimal event flows](./_static/cdp_event_gather_flow_many.png)

And, if a `DaskExecutor` is also provided, all single event processing workflows
would process in parallel (provided enough compute resources).
